---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2019/02/03/quranclassesadults/
title: "Quran Classes (Teenagers & Adults) - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: a4dbed39f602fd1cc894c7bd852050fb9207c434ff1315bda3658e24dbfcfc97
---

# Quran Classes (Teenagers & Adults) - Cambourne Crescent

Uthman bin Affan reported:

The Prophet(ﷺ), said, “The best of you are those who learn the Quran and teach it.”

(Ṣaḥīḥ al-Bukhārī Book 66, Hadith 49)

We are pleased to announce a new Quran class for adults aged 14 and over. This class will be suitable for people who have completed the Ahsan ul Qawaid, and who can read the Quran at a basic level. The class will run every Wednesday starting from 6th February for a 10 week period.

If you are interested please come for the free session on February 6.

Please also fill the form – https://goo.gl/forms/cSUoZTVxkzFdS0H82

About the teacher:

Ayman Abdel-Haleem

Ustadh Ayman Abdel-Haleem has completed his BA in Arabic at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London with a First Class Honours. Following his graduation, he travelled to Egypt, where he spent a number of years completing his Arabic and Islamic studies. After returning from Egypt, he continued his studies at the University of Cambridge, where he completed an MPhil in Theology from the Faculty of Divinity. He has translated and edited a number of modern and classical Arabic works including a three volume history and topography of Cairo by Dr Farouq al-Asker, the Arabic Grammar book Al-Ajrumiyyah and Imam Jalal al-Din al-Suyuti’s The Perfect Guide to the Sciences of the Qur’an (Al-Itqan fi ‘Ulum Al-Qur’an), published by Ithaca Press, 2011. He is currently a Senior Teaching Fellow at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London, teaching Qur’anic Arabic. He is also currently teaching at Al-Salam Institute in London and Cambridge Islamic College.

Time: 6-7.30 pm

Venue: Cambourne Village College (Pink Corridor)

Dates:

March 6, 13, 20, 27

April 3, 24

May 1
