---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2019/11/08/foodbank/
title: "Joining the dots for Cambridge City foodbank - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 03f132df7c4c33c4ed1f676f1d85176f9a76d74dec7682aeab8d79862859ddeb
---

# Joining the dots for Cambridge City foodbank - Cambourne Crescent

We are now a foodbank partner with Cambridge City foodbank (CCFB), as a registered voucher holder.

CCFB operates as part of the Trussell Trust network, which coordinates the largest network of food banks nationally. Foodbanks offer three days of emergency food for individuals and families in crisis. To be able to receive food from the food bank a voucher is required.

For us it was about connecting the dots, we knew there were many Muslim community members who were willing to help the local people in need, and so we started collecting food items every month and providing those first to Cambourne Church collection point and later on to Cambridge City foodbank.

We are now joining the other end of the dot by bridging the gap between the food bank and those in need.

We have a limited number of vouchers which we can provide to those in need. As a requirement, we will take some basic details to complete the voucher. This will help us to identify the cause of your crisis and offer practical guidance. It also means foodbank is able to prepare suitable emergency food for the right number of people.

Once you(those in need) have been issued with a voucher, you can exchange this for a minimum of three days of emergency food at your nearest foodbank centre.

For more details about our Cambourne Crescent FoodBank Collection Service, click here – www.cambournecrescent.org/service/foodbank/

For any other queries please contact us.
