---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2021/05/01/zakat-1442-ah/
title: "ZAKAT - 1442 AH - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 98fdb093c725b372d2b1eee6e04c6895045eed6f6e478a7da8f3380fd9245daf
---

# ZAKAT - 1442 AH - Cambourne Crescent

Prophet Mohammed (ﷺ) used to exert himself in devotion during the last 10 days to a greater extent than at any other time of the year. May Allah سبحانه وتعالى help us to strive harder in worship and accept our fast, prayers and duas. Ameen!

Narrated Ibn `Umar:

The Prophet (ﷺ) ordered the people to pay Zakat-ul-Fitr before going to the Eid prayer.

Sahih al-Bukhari Book 24, Hadith 110

This is also the best time to give your Zakat Al-Mal, Zakat Al-Fitr and Sadaqah.

In’sha Allah we’ll be collecting the donations for:

🌴 Widows and Orphans, and others affected by recent pandemic in India

🌴 Help with Oxygen/Medical Supplies for those affected by the pandemic (in India)

🌴 As part of our HELP the locals, we will once again help the refugee families living in Cambridge in desperate need for many essentials

You can donate using the following bank details:

Bank: Natwest

Account Name: Cambourne Crescent

Sort Code: 60-02-13

Account No: 62412930

Reference: Zakat / Fitrah / Sadqah

Please note, Zakat Al-Fitr is set at £5 per person, this is due before the Eid prayer. You may pay online, there will also be collection boxes at the Eid venue for Fitrah collection.

Please use the appropriate REFERENCE so that we are aware of where to best use your contribution, or drop us an email (cambcrescent@gmail.com) and let us know the specifics (if any).

Please make your contributions in time and allow these needy families to enjoy a blessed Eid.
