---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2021/07/13/eidaladha2021/
title: "EID AL-ADHA 2021 - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 74ec0f2f9ed44fb371b43daa2213c4415db9378a8078577dff7ab089bbe7cd73
---

# EID AL-ADHA 2021 - Cambourne Crescent

Eid Day

We will be praying the Eid Salah in football ground this year, In’sha Allah. Please be at the venue by 9.30 am as Jama’at will be at 9.45 am prompt.

Venue: Cambourne Sports and Social Club Ground, CB23 6FY – map

Date: Tuesday 20th July 2021

Time:

9:30 – Takbeerat ul Eid

9:45 – Eid Jama’at

10:15–14:00 – Picnic

Sisters are organising food sale and we will have stalls to raise funds for charity. Please bring prayer mats, and also picnic blanket/rug/chair. Although some parking is available, we do encourage families to car share or walk.

It was narrated that Ibn ‘Umar(RA) said:“The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) used to go out to the ‘Eid prayers walking, and come back walking.”

Sunan Ibn Majah

Arafah Iftar

Come along for an Open Air Arafah Iftar. Please bring food, cutlery and blanket/rug for sitting on the ground. We will be praying Maghrib and Isha also in the ground In’sha Allah.

Venue: Cambourne Sports and Social Club Ground, CB23 6FY – map

Date & Time: Monday 19th July 2021 at 9:13 pm

Abu Qatadah narrated that :the Prophet (ﷺ) said: “Fast the Day of Arafah, for indeed I anticipate that Allah will forgive (the sins) of the year after it, and the year before it.”

The ninth day of Dhu’l-Hijjah (the 12th and final month of the Islamic calendar) is the Day of ‘Arafah. It is the day when pilgrims stand on the plain of ‘Arafah to pray. On this day, Muslims all over the world who do not witness the annual Hajj can spend the day in fasting, in preparation for the three days festivity following ‘Eid ul-Adha (the celebration marking the end of the Hajj commemorating the Prophet Ibrahim’s (peace be upon him) willingness of sacrifice).
