---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2021/09/08/cambridge-festival-of-arab-culture/
title: "Cambridge Festival Of Arab Culture - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: f6c016d3e1341ab6bf44b223c25ebaa394da6324790c7340cabf78eb960ca592
---

# Cambridge Festival Of Arab Culture - Cambourne Crescent

Cambourne Crescent supported by Qatar Foundation International is organizing the First Cambridge Festival of Arab Culture.

If you are wondering about the Arab culture and what it looks like today in terms of values, traditions, arts, religion and more then please join us, the entry is free and everyone is welcome.

⌛ Sunday, 19th September (13:00 to 18:00)

📍 Cambourne Village College, Cambridge – map

About the Event

The event will celebrate the Arab culture and encourage British people and the wider community to come and learn about the Arab culture. The idea is to promote the intercultural dialogue and enhance the understanding and increase the awareness and the appreciation of the very rich Arab culture, and also to show the diversity of the Arab culture and invite people to experience some of the Arab world and immerse a little bit into this culture. This will be the first dedicated festival for the Arab culture in the Cambridge area and it is open to the wider community and the visitors will have the opportunity to visit different booths and explore each country culture in terms of food, arts, music, traditions, history and so on.

Activities

It will include several activities, such as,

🔸 Arab language taster sessions

🔸 Projection / Presentation of videos about Arab countries

🔸 Arab arts and culture display

🔸 Arab traditional music

🔸 Arabic traditional calligraphy

🔸 Arab traditional food and drinks

🔸 Entertainment for kids (free Bouncy Castle)

🔸 Dabke dancing

🔸 and many other activities.

Note

- If you are interested to participate in this opportunity and to book a stall then please contact us.

- We are also looking for sponsors to help fund the event. In return of sponsorship, we are offering multiple advertising opportunities throughout our website, social media and the local Cambridge media

Please contact us for any details.
