---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2022/05/01/eidalfitr2022/
title: "EID AL- FITR 1443 / 2022 - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: aee9c7f3d8aaaebc7d2947926449a4f00eb88674adbf87c170fe02fa09c5e1c2
---

# EID AL- FITR 1443 / 2022 - Cambourne Crescent

Eid Day

We will be praying the Eid Salah in football ground this year, In’sha Allah. Please be at the venue at 9.15 am for Takbeerat Al Eid as Jama’at will be at 9.45 am prompt.

Venue: Cambourne Sports and Social Club Ground, CB23 6FY – map

Date: Monday 2nd May 2022

Time:

9:15 – Takbeerat ul Eid

9:45 – Eid Jama’at

10:00–12:00 – Picnic

Please DO read carefully following:

- Walk to the prayer venue & DO bring prayer mat

It was narrated that Ibn ‘Umar(RA) said:

Sunan Ibn Majah

-

- When travelling to the football ground for Eid prayer try to walk if you can

or car share. - If you are driving, please use HUB, Blue School and NCP car parks.

- DO NOT park on road side.

- When travelling to the football ground for Eid prayer try to walk if you can

- Picnic in the ground

- Please bring rug/chair.

- We will have arrangements for tea/coffee etc.

- You are welcome to bring snacks or breakfast to share.

- DO clean up after the picnic.

- Remember to take your prayer mats and belongings when you leave.

- Give charity

“The prophet Muhammad (PBUH) ordained Zakat ul Fitr [Fitrana] to purify the fastingperson from indecent words or actions, and to provide food for the needy. It is acceptedas Zakat for the person who gives it before the Eid prayer; but it is a mere Sadaqah forthe one who gives it after the prayer.”

-

- Pay zakat ul fitr to help feed the poor before your Eid prayer is required.

- Zakat ul Fitr is set at £5 per person.

- We will In’sha Allah be collecting for the mosque, please remember to donate generously.

Sunday evening

We will be praying Maghrib and Isha in the HUB on the night previous to Eid Day i.e. Sunday 1st May.

Venue: HUB

Time: 8:20 pm, Sunday 1st May

Dates, tea and coffee will be available, you are welcome to bring light refreshment for Iftaar. Sisters and children are welcome to come.

Girls Get-Together

On the night previous to Eid day, we will have arrangements for Games and refreshments, for GIRLS ONLY.

Venue: HUB

Time: 9:45 pm, Sunday 1st May

Girls are welcome to come with their mother for Maghreb, Isha prayer and the Get-Together at 9:45 pm.

Mums are requested to stay with their child, if possible.
