---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2023/06/21/eid-al-adha-1444-2023/
title: "EID AL ADHA 1444 / 2023 - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: ec3819c4386a7057fb0b361b39d497ee2abefd7fa46b1985a08c02d25e474881
---

# EID AL ADHA 1444 / 2023 - Cambourne Crescent

Eid Day

We will be praying the Eid Salah in football ground this year, In’sha Allah. Please be at the venue by 9.30 am as Jama’at will be at 10.00 am prompt.

Venue: Cambourne Sports and Social Club Ground, CB23 6FY – map

Date: Wednesday 28th June 2023

Time:

9:30 – Arrival & Takbeerat ul Eid

10:00 – Eid Jama’at

10:30–12:00 – Picnic

Please,

- plan to Arrive early as the salat starts promptly and the khutbah comes after the salat (not like Jum’a)

- do bring prayer mats

- feel free to bring your own picnic, and also picnic blanket/rug/chair.

- walk, cycle or car share. Since parking space is limited, we do encourage families to car share or walk. Please avoid using street parking.

Alternate Venue & time

Please note that if it rains then we will be praying in the HUB, and there will be two Jama’at:

First Jam’ah

6:45 Arrival & Takbeerat ul Eid

7:00 Jam’ah

Second Jam’ah

7:30 Arrival & Takbeerat ul Eid

7:45 Jam’ah

It was narrated that Ibn ‘Umar(RA) said:

Sunan Ibn Majah

Arafah

Children Activities and Iftar (Bring & Share)

Come along for Hajj Activities for children at 8 pm, followed by Bring & Share – Iftar. We will be praying Maghrib and Isha also in the NCP In’sha Allah.

Venue: New Cricket Pavilion (NCP) – map

Date & Time: Tuesday 27th June 2023 at 8:00 pm

Abu Qatadah narrated that :

Eid Get-Together

Venue: Cambourne Hub, CB23 6GW – map

Date & Time: Saturday 1st July 2023 at 6:00 pm

Please join us for Eid Get-Together (Bring & Share).
