---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/2025/05/28/eid-al-adha-1446-2025-2/
title: "EID AL ADHA 1446 / 2025 - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 12a1ee7b050a960425235f956b3ad1a4fd8b1082d273220be8d834d89609bb50
---

# EID AL ADHA 1446 / 2025 - Cambourne Crescent

Eid Day

Due to unpredictable weather, Eid Salah will be indoor at Cambourne Hub this year, In’sha Allah with two Jama’ahs.

The second Salah (after 9 AM) is likely to be more crowded. If possible, please try to attend the first Salah to help manage numbers.

Venue: Cambourne Hub – map

Date: Friday, 6th June 2024

First Salah:

7:00 – Arrival & Takbeerat ul Eid

7:15 – Eid Jama’at

Second Salah:

9:20 – Arrival & Takbeerat ul Eid

9:45 – Eid Jama’at

Please,

- Arrive Early – Salah starts promptly, and the Khutbah follows after the prayer (unlike Jumu’ah).

- Transport Considerations – Walk, cycle, or car share whenever possible, as parking is very limited. Please avoid street parking.

- Alternative Parking – If needed, use parking at the Blue School.

It was narrated that Ibn ‘Umar(RA) said:

Sunan Ibn Majah

Arafah

Abu Qatadah narrated that :

How to Perform Eid Prayer?

The Eid prayer is a special two Rak’ah congregational prayer. It is ideal to perform in an open ground. It includes extra Takbeers, here’s a step-by-step guide:

Step 1: Intention (Niyyah) and Wudu As with any prayer, begin with a sincere intention in your heart to perform the Eid prayer for the sake of Allah. Make Wudu before standing in Eid prayer.

Step 2: The First Rak’ah

- Takbeer al-Ihram: Start the prayer by raising your hands and saying “Allahu Akbar”.

- Additional Takbeers: Say ‘Allahu Akbar’ an additional seven times after the Imam.

- Recitation: After the Takbeers, the Imam will recite Surah Al-Fatihah, followed by another surah (commonly Surah Al-A’la).

- Ruku and Sujud: Complete the bowing and prostration as in regular prayers to finish the first Rak’at.

Step 3: The Second Rak’ah

- Upon standing for the second rak’ah, 5 more Takbeers after the Imam.

- The Imam will recite Surah al Fatihah followed by another Surah (commonly Surah Al-Ghashiyah).

- Go to Ruku with the Imam on the last Takbeer.

- End the prayer with Tashahhud and Tasleem (salutation).
