---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/service/islamic-school/islamic-school-details/
title: "Islamic School Details - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 749b02f1ca571441e83c58720ed59843fabc349a3a3d85c57be7ac5ce30f3f71
---

# Islamic School Details - Cambourne Crescent

Islamic School Curriculum

Beginners class (5-6)

Children expectations for Beginner Class (5-6 years old) are focussed on three areas of learning as follows:

Firstly, at the end of this academic year (2017-2018) children in the beginner class are expected to achieve the following Memorisation in Islamic themes, Quran, Dua, and Hadeeth.

- First 5 names of Allah

- Expression of Islamic conversation eg; Subhan Allah, Masha Allah, Jazakum Allah Khairun.

- First Kalimah

- Second Kalimah

- 5 pillars of Islam (Hadeeth) with meaning.

- Dua before and after eating

- Dua going to sleep and waking up

- Dua entrance/exit to the toilet

- Surat Al Fatiha

- Surat Al Ekhlas

- Surat Al Falaq

- Surat Al Kawthar

Secondly, in Islamic Studies children are expected to know the following concepts:

- The meaning of Tawheed (Allah is one).

- Morals and Values eg; being a good Muslim such as; Honesty, Truth, Kindness, Sharing and Being Generous throughout telling stories and Nashheeds.

- Stories of Prophet Mohammed (ﷺ), the Messenger of Allah as a child. (His father, Mother and where he lived)

Thirdly, the ability of Reading Quran: children are expected to learn the following rules:

- Learn Arabic Alphabet reading and writing.

- Recognise the Arabic Alphabet in different shapes and to recognise the changes that occur when joining them in writing.

- To recognise the Arabic sounds and the difference between the letter and sounds (Fatha, Dammah, Kasrah).

- To be able to read simple Arabic words.

Notes:

- Teachers are free to set their own methodology of teaching which is suitable for the children’s needs to achieve the aims of learning and also about their own culture.

- Teachers are asked to plan for children inclusively using modern teaching theories to engage children in learning in a joyful and interesting atmosphere.

- Children are using Al Nourania book for Quranic studies and Child’s Gift book for Hadeeth and Dua studies.

- Teachers are using different resources to plan for other topics like; prophets’ stories, Fiqh and the Aqedah concept

Elementary Class (7-8 years old)

Children’s expectations for Elementary Class (7-8 years old) are focussed on three areas of learning as follows:

Firstly, at the end of this academic year (2017-2018) children at Elementary class are expected to achieve the following Memorisation in Islamic themes, Quran, Dua, and Hadeeth.

- Children are expected to memorise the first 10 names of Allah.

- To memorise the third and fourth Kalimah.

- Dua before eating and after eating.

- Dua before Entrance Toilet and coming out.

- Dua before sleeping and waking up.

- The 5 pillars of Islam and its meaning.

- Dua going to Journey.

- Hadeeth Sahih. (Selected by the teacher)

Secondly, in Islamic Studies children are expected to know the following concepts:

- To recognise 5 Salah a day as Fard and its timing.

- To know the basic of how to perform Salah correctly.

- To perform Wudu correctly and in order.

- To study good speech as a Muslim.

- To learn about Aklaq (Morals and Values) Telling stories, Nasheed and role Model ( Called Hidden-Curriculum).

- To learn about prophet Mohammad –Sallah AllahuAliahy Wa Sallam – Hijrah/ Isra and Mearaj)

- To learn about prophet Adam, Noah, Jesus, and Ibrahim.

Thirdly, the ability to read the Quran: children are expected to learn the following rules:

- To understand the concept of Arabic letters with sounds Fatha, Dammah, and Kasrah.

- To read simple words fluently.

- To recognise the meaning of Tanween.

- To know the three kinds of Mud.

- To recognise the meaning of Mud lean.

- To understand the meaning of Shaddah.

Notes:

- Teachers are free to set their own methodology of teaching which is suitable for the children’s needs to achieve aims and to learn about their own culture.

- Teachers are asked to plan for children inclusively using modern teaching theories to engage children in learning in the joyful and interesting atmosphere.

- Children are using Al Nourania book for Quranic studies and Child’s Gift book for Hadeeth and Dua studies.

- Teachers use different resources to plan for other topics like; prophets’ stories and Fiqh and Aqedah concept.

Intermediate class (8-9)

Children’s expectations for Intermediate Class aged between (8-10) years old) are focused on three areas of learning as follows:

Firstly Quran /Dua and Hadeeth memorisation:

- Children are expected to memorise 20 names of Allah.

- To know the 5 pillars of Eman.

- To memorise daily Dua.

- To memorise al Tashahud and Al salah al Ibraheemiah (Durood Ibrahim)

- To memorise the following Surah: Surat Al-Feel, Surat Al-Kafroon, Surat Quriash, Surat Al-Asr, Surat Al-Maoon.

Secondly, in Islamic Studies children are expected to know the following concepts:

- Feqeh (Salah rules)

- Cleanliness and wudu

- Manners of going to Masjid

- Ramadan as the holy month and Sawm rules.

- Eid Al Fitr and Eid Al Adha

- Hajj.

- Angels and story of the Quran first revealed to prophet Mohammad – peace be upon him.

- The story of al Isra wa al Mi’raj .

- Prophet stories: Adam, Idrees, Noah, Musa, Yusef.

Thirdly, the ability to read Quran, children are expected to learn the following rules:

- Children are expected to recognise the short Mud and Long Mud.

- Children are expected to know the concept of Shaddah accompanied by all sounds (Fatha, Kasrah, Dammah, and Tanween)

- Children are expected to pronounce good Makarej Hurrof.

- Children are expected to read full sentences from the Quran and spot different rules of Tajweed. (Children will start reading from Juzu Tabarak)

Notes:

- Teachers are free to set their own methodology of teaching which is suitable for the children’s needs to achieve aims to learn about their own culture.

- Teachers are asked to plan for children inclusively using the modern teaching theories and to engage children in learning, joyful and interesting atmosphere.

- Children use Quran books (Juzu Amma and Tabarak) for Quranic studies and Child’s Gift book for Hadeeth and Dua studies.

- Teachers use different resources to plan for other topics like; prophets’ stories and Feqeh and Aqedah concept.

Senior Class (10-13)

In the Senior class teachers focus on Quranic studies as well as Islamic studies. With regards of memorisation, children at this stage are more independent and teachers monitor and guide their memorisation.

Reading Quran rules:

- Children are expected to read Quran sentences fluently.

- Children are expected to recognise tajweed rules like Qalqala, Gunnah, and long Mud.

- Children are expected to have good Makarej Huroof.

- Children are expected to spot Tajweed rules from the Quran text confidently.

Islamic Studies:

- Children are expected to know Salah Rules and differentiate between Sunah and Fard.

- Children are expected to be able to know about Sawm rules in details.

- Children are expected to know Muslim scientist such as: Al khawarzmi and Ebn seena.

- Children are expected to know about the ancient Islamic civilisation.

Secondary Class (Secondary School Students)

In the Secondary class teacher focuses on Islamic studies.

Notes:

- Teachers are free to set their own methodology of teaching which is suitable for the children’s needs to achieve aims and to learn about their own culture

- Teachers are asked to plan for children inclusively using modern teaching theories to engage children in learning in a joyful and interesting atmosphere.

- Children use Quran book (Juzu Amma and Tabarak) for Quranic studies and Child’s Gift book for Hadeeth and Dua studies.

- Teachers use different resources to plan for other topics like; Prophets’ stories and Feqeh and Aqedah concept.
