---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/service/islamic-school/
title: "Islamic School - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 826f48df0202eb483777c25d8dcb30c3ce782f03779d6329b10fc79d2c639ed4
---

# Islamic School - Cambourne Crescent

Narrated `Uthman (RA):

The Prophet (ﷺ) said, “The best among you (Muslims) are those who learn the Qur’an and teach it.”

Sahih al-Bukhari Book 66, Hadith 49

The school was set up in year 2011 to meet the growing religious, social, cultural, recreational needs of the local community.

Primary School

School is being run during term time on Monday and Wednesday from 6:00 to 7:00 pm at Cambourne Village College (map).

Secondary School

The Secondary School Class for students of age 11+ runs. This class is online on Friday 4:30 pm and is supervised by Sheikh Ali Omar.

Please see the school calendar.

The child must be in year 1 to start attending the Islamic School, new batches start from September.

The enrolment form is available here – Islamic School – Student Application Form

Islamic School fees are to be paid by standing order and should be done for 10 months (from September to June). Please set standing order and use reference starting with CCIS (eg CCIS Mohammed and Bilal).

The Islamic School current fees are –

- One child: £20

- Two children: £30

- Three or more children: £35

Cambourne Crescent bank details are –

- Name: Cambourne Crescent

- Address: Natwest, 81 High Street, Bedford, MK40 1YN

- Account No: 62412930

- Sort Code: 60-02-13

If any parents are unable to meet the fees, help and support is available filling in our contact form
