---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/service/arabic-school/
title: "Arabic School - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: a61d5e51b582a1af3c373d108a82ed1825c69f81934776e5ff20ff7eb20fc8d2
---

# Arabic School - Cambourne Crescent

This is primarily a language school established to meet the demand from the local community. Students are taught how to read, write and speak modern standard Arabic. We aim to teach purely classic Arabic Fusha to the students for different levels.

The language school also runs a pre-GCSE class for Arabic to help students appearing in the exams.

Arabic Language School runs during term time on Sunday from 10:00 am to 12:00 pm at Cambourne Village College (map).

Please see the school calendar.

The child must be in year 1 to start attending Arabic Language School, new batches start from September every year. We also have classes for adults who are interested in learning the language.

The language classes are open to everyone in the community.

The enrolment form is available here – Arabic School – Student Application Form

Nahla wa Nahil

Arabic Language School has subscribed to “Nahla wa Nahil”, a program to improve the Arabic reading skills of students. Nahla wa Nahil has more than 800 stories available to your children across different reading levels.

Nahla wa Nahil offers a variety of solutions to develop reading, comprehension and listening skills in Arabic. It also enables teachers to monitor the progress of our students, including their assignments and tests.

If any parents are unable to meet the fees, help and support is available by filling in our contact form.
