---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/giftaid/
title: "Gift Aid - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: 5ef979cbf9bf578336c2df28be9ffcb57dbe0536fe772d805cf20a223af9fee3
---

# Gift Aid - Cambourne Crescent

Boost your donation by 25p of Gift Aid for every £1 you donate.

The charity will receive an extra 25p for every £1 you donate under the Gift Aid scheme,

at no extra cost to you.

Gift Aid is reclaimed by the charity from the tax you pay for the current tax year. We are registered with the HMRC Gift Aid scheme (Reference: XT34245). You can find more details about the Gift Aid on gov.uk

Please fill in our short form to make your Gift Aid declaration: Gift Aid form (here)

What is Gift Aid?

Gift Aid does not cost you a penny more, but can add an additional 25p to every £1 you donate. When Cambourne Crescent receives a donation from a UK taxpayer, we’re entitled to claim an amount of tax (calculated at the basic rate of income tax in that year) paid on that donation. Once you have given your permission for us to do this on your behalf, there is no need for you to do anything else.

All that is required is that you must be a taxpayer and that would have paid or will pay sufficient Income and/or Capital Gains Tax to cover all the Gift Aid claimed on all your donations in that tax year.

The amount of tax we claim will be 25% of the total value of your donations in that tax year.

Higher rate taxpayers

Furthermore, if you pay tax above the basic rate, you can still claim the difference between the basic rate (which we will claim) and the amount of tax you have actually paid. Do this either:

- through your Self Assessment tax return

- by asking HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to amend your tax code

Example

You donate £100 to Cambourne Crescent.

- Cambourne Crescent claim £25 of Gift Aid to make your donation £125.

- If you pay 40% tax you can personally claim back £25.00 (£125 x 20%).

- If you pay 45% tax you can personally claim back £31.25 (£125 x 25%).

If your tax situation changes and your gifts will no longer be eligible for the Gift Aid scheme please contact us and we will amend your record accordingly.

How to Gift Aid?

Please fill in our short form to make your Gift Aid declaration: Gift Aid form (here)

Your consent and address are needed to identify you as a current UK taxpayer.
