---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/service/foodbank/
title: "Foodbank - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: b143b11e2e52f8c90ea91a43d9de5d5176a8a42ed7a7995827c94c0c4d6cb7c7
---

# Foodbank - Cambourne Crescent

‘A man is not a believer who fills his stomach while his neighbour is hungry.’

– Prophet Muhammad(ﷺ)

Donations

Please help local elderly people, people in self-isolation and people concerned about going out by donating items from the list below.

The most needed items are:

- BAG FOR LIFE (OR SIMILAR STRONG CARRIER BAGS) – DESPERATELY NEEDED!

- NAPPIES SIZES 2, 4 AND 5

- SHAMPOO/CONDITIONER/SHOWER GEL/SOAP/HAND SOAP

- TOILET ROLL

- NOODLES

- INSTANT COFFEE AND TEA BAGS

- OLIVE OIL 500ML

- KETCHUP, STOCK CUBES

- TINNED TOMATOES

- SANITARY PADS (NOT TAMPONS PLEASE)

- RICE

- CUSTARD

- PUDDINGS – ANGEL DELIGHT, JELLY, SPONGE PUDDINGS

- JUICES (LONG LIFE) AND CORDIALS

- LAUNDRY POWDER

- RICE PUDDING

* ALL GOODS SHOULD BE UNDAMAGED PLEASE & IF POSSIBLE HAVE LONG BBE DATES.

FoodBank Story

As Muslims, it’s our duty to help the needy in our neighbourhood. We have had suggestions from our Muslim community to help the Cambourne Church with the Foodbank it is running.

The Cambourne Distribution Centre of the Cambridge City Foodbank (CCFB) has sessions in the Old Blue School (just behind the church building) every Thursday morning 10.00am-12.00pm.

CCFB operates as part of the Trussell Trust network, which coordinates the largest network of food banks nationally. Foodbanks offer three days of emergency food for individuals and families in crisis. To be able to receive food from the food bank a voucher is required. There are several voucher holders in Cambourne, for example, Cambourne Crescent, family workers, all GPs at Monkfield Medical Practice, SCDC, the church minister, schools in Cambourne and several others.

The students of the Arabic and Islamic school may donate food items once a month, passing it to their class teacher. We aim to develop within the students a strong habit of caring for neighbours and sharing with the needy.

In’sha Allah this will be an on-going effort, and we will provide the food bank with our collections once a month so they can pass it on to those with food vouchers.

Vouchers

We have a limited number of vouchers which we can provide to those in need. As a requirement, we will take some basic details to complete the voucher. This will help us to identify the cause of your crisis and offer practical guidance. It also means foodbank is able to prepare suitable emergency food for the right number of people.

Once you(those in need) have been issued with a voucher, you can exchange this for a minimum of three days of emergency food at your nearest foodbank centre.

If you have any questions about the foodbank service get in touch with us through our contact form.
