---
tenant_id: CambourneCrescent
source_key: website-main
source_url: https://www.cambournecrescent.org/services/vtf/
title: "Cambourne’s Volunteer Task Force (VTF) - Cambourne Crescent"
content_hash: d2c9a5ebdf0ceeda14035bc341b6e9045fe59cb7deb96d09869a41b6dcc768f3
---

# Cambourne’s Volunteer Task Force (VTF) - Cambourne Crescent

Uniting Volunteers in response to Covid-19

Who are WE ?

We are Cambournians, always ready to HELP.

We are a team of Volunteers to support those residents in our local community of Cambourne and surrounding villages who need extra help during the COVID-19 crisis.

The volunteer group includes members from Cambourne Crescent, Cambourne Church, the Town Councillors, community groups, local supermarkets and local residents.

How can we HELP ?

If you are self-isolating or shielding, we can deliver groceries and prescriptions to your home, or we can call you just for a chat. If you are struggling to afford (enough) food at the moment, we can offer free food parcels.

Whatever your need, contact us and we will try to help you or point you in the right direction for the help you need.

In Cambourne and neighbouring villages we offer the following services:

- Food Parcels (free)

Food Parcels are available for those who are struggling to afford (enough) food at the moment.

If you are self-isolating, shielding or not able to collect in person for medical reasons, volunteers can drop parcels off outside your door, maintaining a safe distance.

-

Groceries Delivery

If you are self-isolating or shielding and you are able to pay for your shopping, you can request help with delivery. You will be able to choose from a simplified list of essential items. We will collect all requests and seek advance payment by Thursday night for delivery on Saturday.

-

Prescriptions

Again, for those who are self-isolating or shielding, prescription requests are sent to Lloyds Pharmacy, collected in the evening and delivered to your home.

-

Phone Calls

We have trustworthy volunteers who are happy to talk to those who are in self-isolation or shielding, to offer some all-important human contact with the outside world in this difficult time. Do not hesitate to email or call us if you think you would benefit from this.

All our volunteers are registered and insured by Cambourne Town Council and carry an ID badge. They follow government guidelines on social distancing at all times, keeping themselves and you safe.

Donations

If you wish to donate to Cambourne Volunteers Task Force, please use the account details below, please note that this account is specifically for food bank and the community charity i.e. CVTF.

Account name: CAMBOURNE CRESCENT

Sort Code: 60-02-13

Account Number: 71368094

Alternatively, you may donate via our JustGiving account:

www.JustGiving.com/CrowdFunding/Cambourne-VTF

Contact

If you need HELP, you may either:

(please remember to provide your name, phone number and address)

- drop an email to: info@CambourneCrescent.org

- sms/whatsapp/call 07593 396855

- fill the form below (preferred option) :
